Add Dictionary class (#182)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Core/Classes/Dictionary.md

Author: great catch @armintaenzertng!  I renamed the file.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# DictionaryEntry

## Summary

A key with an associated value.

## Description

> The class used for implementing a generic dictionary in SPDX.  A dictionary consists of a collection of key-value pairs. Each key-value pair maps the key to its associated value.  The DictionaryEntry is the type used for the generic key-value pair.  Both the key and the value are strings.

Reviewer: I suggest changing "implementing a generic dictionary" to "implementing a generic string mapping"

Reviewer: We should also mention (copying from wikipedia):

> associative arrays, and a data structure more commonly known today as a dictionary or hash table.

Author: I re-wrote the description to address the above comments as well as @maxhbr comment below.

I'm not very happy with the rewrite - but I can't come up with clearer wording that incorporates the feedback.

Please feel free to propose and specific language changes.

> The class used for implementing a generic string mapping (also known as associative arrays, dictionaries, and hash maps) in SPDX.  To implement a dictionary, this class would be used in a collection with unique keys. Each DictionaryEntry would contain a key-value pair which maps the key to its associated value.  Both the key and the value are strings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The class used for implementing a generic string mapping (also known as associative arrays, dictionaries, and hash maps) in SPDX.  Each DictionaryEntry contains a key-value pair which maps the key to its associated value.  Both the key and the value are strings.  To implement a dictionary, this class is to be used in a collection with unique keys.
```
I don't think the subjunctive makes sense here.
I also suggest the above sentence reordering: In the current version, the particular concept of `key` in the DictionaryEntry is only first introduced in the sentence after it is referred to.

## Metadata

- name: DictionaryEntry
- Instantiability: Concrete

## Properties

- key
  - type: xsd:string

>   - maxCount: 1

Author: Another good catch - key should be required, although I think it is fine for value to be optional.
